nobody on today I'm going to show you
how to get on models off the workshops
so this is for new users so yeah but
what you do is you're going to add ons
and then you click open workshop I are I
made a video of this already but I
didn't like it because it was like
really long you couldn't even see
anything so what you do is and also you
can't find everything like so you can
find Garry's Mod zorg you won't be able
to find here unfortunately I had to find
out the hard links is saying I wanted
but I couldn't find it on here because
this is the easiest way to do it
but anyway but you want to do this
before you start the game because if you
have the game started already like
you're in the map already you're going
to have to reset it because that don't
have that exit out but you have like
exit out that map because some reason
none of the stuff is there when you
first download and you're an animal so
let's just type you some ideas or -
typing a sonic song sonic nerd that is
why a u-turn a for steam so I've never
bored
and doesn't find a good thing I'd like
to get and I just get my bed I wish I
had the original here but I can't find
it
we could it's a lot of different lengths
and colors but anyway and make sure when
you download a model yes I'm going to do
this you can actually see it make sure
it says model here make sure it doesn't
it doesn't say like scene or something
like that because then you could be able
to use as a rag doll so then what you
probably well where's the ghoul movement
I'll see a download button anywhere
that's if you happen to be doing this as
I'm speaking but if I'm wondering
where's the bellman I don't see a
download button what you have to do is
what I don't make things make any sense
you have to go down tonight see this
right here see that button right there
the Gamo button is a subscribe button so
after you subscribe but it loads and it
says this item has been added to your
subscriptions some days require you to
relaunch them before or I am can
redownload see that's like I said you
that's why you want to do it before you
start the game and I think that should
help so then after you do that by
winning well it's pretty obvious you
click back to main menu so I can get my
thing in there so then and you click
start new game and then you just click
any map you want personally the big city
is my fake personal favorite it just is
because when you start this new thing
called how to G mine where I'm going to
show you how to do things that either
and if I doing it wrong that's just
because that's how I think it's supposed
to be done so what you do is and it's
kind of not playing out I just do it but
because it might not work sometimes play
anyway so what you do is you look for it
down here and then click on it select
you look for anything if you don't know
the name you can click escape we have to
be out of this first click escape then
go to add-ons and then you look at the
thing and at the very top box I'll show
you just just so it's readable and see
right here at the very top is where the
name will be Megaman X zero so socially
so after you do that go back to go back
to the main menu if you want then you
click you can either click resume game
or click escape again so after you do
that you click on it mr. McHenry so I
after that you click on the model and
then you click on the name for the thing
and you'll find all your models and not
add-on section to get all this stuff to
pop up you're going to need to click the
plus button it's - now because I already
clicked it to make it bigger so I'm you
click on the picture of the model that
you want to open and there you have it
it's right there whoa and now feel free
to post it any way you want make a
stop-motion like I showed you do
anything you want throw it around if you
want throw bombs at a grenade shoot it
whatever you want because this is Gary's
modest just a fun flash fun game that
was designed well to have fun so just
whatever you want just
long as people make the thing so do your
own fans videos if you want the easy way
didn't have the people actually look
like how they do course you'd like to
talk about cartoon character we just
cartoon Garrity's always look good in 3d
like sometimes it just looks better to
me
so all yeah that's regum an thing I just
got so fortunately things showing him
with all these skins but some reason
this world only has this one but that
doesn't matter because I don't even for
have an e to I really don't think I'll
ever want to use his thing ground know
how to get them staying right little
Carrick's like curly you step watch well
anyway thanks for watching and oh I hope
the selfie and